14/06

1. completed the setup for concourse ci using vagrant with the help of the concourse wiki site
2. got several errors during the process of cloning the sample node.js application still need to complete deployment
in PCF.


15/06

1. checked the setup of concourse ci in different os flavours windows and ubuntu linux flavour with the help of VM
2. pushed sample hello world node application to concourse ci and got several errors and it need to be resolve


16/06

1. i've clone pcf-demo application for CD pipeline by using the concourse and gone through the article how to deploying application

2. prepared pipeline.yml file for deploying the pcf application and got the different errors and i am trying to solve them


19/06

working on node js application and trying to write pipeline.yml for that appication and got several errors and its need to be resolve 


20/06

1. Installed linux flavour ubuntu on VM and Tried concourse ci setup for the ubuntu flavour using standalone binaries.
2. gone through different articles for the artifact deployment.


21/06

1. setup the docker in my local machine using the tutorial and i have created the simple docker file and also pull the image on my docker hub repository  
2. gone through the blog 'concourse ci and creating dockerfile pipeline' need to implement that


22/06

1. working on the 'concourse ci and creating dockerfile pipeline' for that i have created one docker image file for simple demo and pushed it on the docker hub repository.

2. In mean while i have created pipeline.yml file for that docker image that it pull the image from the github and push it on the docker hub


23/06

1. created the docker file which will install the python in local machine and created one repository in docker hub
and pushed that docker file into the repository successfully by using the docker quick start terminal with the help
of "docker push" command. Need to work with the same approach by using concourse CI.


30/06

Done with the demo on concourse ci by using simple Node JS application and how its pull the code from github and push 
back to the pws. They gave me comments and few more questions on this demo so that i am looking into pipeline and how to
make that pipeline in an more effective way to run unittests, package artifacts, deploy to docker hub again pull from 
docker hub to the test environment and finally push to PWS




After the lot of modifications done in the pipeline file for concourse ci finally the node js application is deployed in
the pivotal cloud foundary and also it is running successfully. present i am working with the testing for that application
so that i need to create one docker image to run the test.

